welcome to serious spoilers
today i will share a crime thriller
movie from 2019 titled the good liar
spoilers ahead
watch and enjoy the movie starts with
betty and roy filling out a dating
website questionnaire they find and like
each other's profiles
they begin chatting online and agree to
meet for dinner
london 2009
at dinner betty mentions that her
grandson is all she has and roy says
that his wife has been gone for a few
years now
they talk about the advantages of dating
websites
roy admits that he gave a false name on
the website his name is not brian it's
roy and betty says that her name isn't
estelle it's betty betty's grandson
picks her up and roy catches a cab to a
strip club
he meets other men in a back room
they don't give names but roy and his
partner vincent make a proposition for
the others to make money with them on a
business deal
one man brynn wants to know who else is
in the deal
russians perhaps
but roy only says they are interested in
becoming part of the english invested
class
each man stands to make 50 000 pounds
bryn is in later roy and betty leave a
movie theater and roy's knee starts
acting up
he can't walk so betty takes his arm
turns out roy only wanted to get closer
to her they both have a laugh
roy in his maid decorator room with art
painting then later he has a meeting
with various men including brynn and
vincent around a table in that very room
at the meeting roy transfers 200 000
pounds in the business account he wishes
for the new businessman to transfer 800
000 pounds but one man vlad is unhappy
with the amount and walks away brynn is
upset
roy meets betty again at a cafe but it's
closed betty shares that she bought a
new car
roy wishes she wouldn't have because
people of their age get taken advantage
of by salesmen
betty says it was nothing
she paid cash
roy is very interested
she takes him home
her grandson stephen comes home and
meets roy
stephen offers to drive roy home and
betty goes along for the drive
she discovers roy lives on the top floor
and offers for him to stay at her house
so he doesn't have to climb all the
stairs
roy declines but pretends his knee acts
up as he walks to the door they arrive
back at her house and she shows roy the
guest room which he hates because it's
not very comfortable
the next morning roy watches a group of
walkers exercising and notices a driver
in a car parked nearby watching roy
the car drives away
in the kitchen stephen cautions betty
about getting too close
roy overhears them and enters the room
then he defends himself to steven
betty makes steven drive roy wherever he
wants to go
they drive to the hospital so roy can
visit a friend
but he doesn't go in
instead he walks he's not injured to his
office
roy brynn and vincent meet again with
flot
each man agrees to increase their
portions and the deal is made
but sirens are heard down the street
roy rushes to the window
they're coming for them
roy fakes a heart attack while brynn
runs out the cops chase him down the
street while roy stands back up healthy
as a horse
turns out roy vinson and vlad were in
cahoots together to get brynn's money
steven picks roy back up at the hospital
and at dinner betty celebrates stephen
leaving to serve his country
steven asks how roy got a scar on his
neck and roy is uncomfortable with the
question
he says he would prefer not to lie so he
won't answer
then jokes that he got the scar by
cutting himself shaving
again roy notices the same car outside
betty's house driving by
he's suspicious
the next morning vincent picks him up
vincent gives a status update on their
scheme
it looks like they're going to get away
with it because bryn thinks they're in
custody
they drive to a butcher shop
turns out vlad works there
vlad doesn't want his share because he
knows who roy really is
roy has their men sneak up behind and
hurt vlad's hand with a butcher's hammer
at betty's house roy introduces vincent
as his investment advisor to betty betty
is shocked to find out that roy wants to
leave something to betty
she doesn't like it
she would prefer him to leave it to his
son but roy doesn't want to because the
son builds kitchens
they get on the topic of betty's income
she has her retirement fund savings and
the house which she paid cash for
her total asset comes in over 2 million
vincent steers the topic of conversation
and tries to convince betty to open a
joint account with roy
she politely says she'll think about it
then leaves later that night betty goes
to the kitchen and sees a man standing
outside her window he runs away when she
yells for roy
the next morning roy tells vincent
someone tried to break in last night
later they have lunch with betty and
show her a check of roy's profits from
his investments which is twenty thousand
pounds
stephen shows up and is suspicious about
what's going on
betty is embarrassed about stephen's
outburst and vincent leaves
once again roy puts on a good show and
steven apologizes
roy and betty go to dinner
roy suggests they take a trip
they discuss to take a trip while betty
cuts his hair the next day but betty
falls and can't get up
roy calls the doctor
turns out that he had a minor stroke
roy wants to know what the treatment is
but betty refuses to live as if she's
already dead
the doctor says she won't live out the
year
as roy tucks her into bed roy suggests
they go to berlin just the place betty
wanted to go
the next day they go shopping for roy
getting him hats and ties and suits
while they're out bryn spies on them
roy notices bryn through the window
reflection he agrees to meet betty in an
hour at a restaurant then dashes to the
tube hoping to lose bryn
but brynn confronts him brynn has
figured out the scheme
roy readies a sharp pin then turns to
face bryn
he jabs him in the stomach then in the
eye and pushes him in front of a train
he dies instantly
roy leaves during the commotion to meet
with betty
in berlin stephen shows up and as an
apology offers to be a tour guide for
betty and roy at a museum betty remarks
on how the germans were overconfident
and how it lead to their downfall during
the war
betty goes off exploring and comes back
with a bad scrap on her palm
roy tends to her
later stephen takes them to a mysterious
flat roy is hesitant about entering like
he knows what flat it is
in the kitchen stephen confronts roy
about who he is
stephen says he searched roy's record
and discovered his past
the flat there in his roy's apartment
roy says stevens got it wrong
in the war he searched for nazis they
stationed him in berlin along with his
section in a flashback we see a young
roy and military partner walking the
streets of berlin
they enter the same apartment that
stephen just took them to
young roy questioned the flats german
speaking occupant to find out if he
supported the socialist movement the
occupant exits to the kitchen and the
partner follows him the occupant holds a
knife to his throat while roy pulls a
gun on him
they struggle and the partner was killed
by the occupant but stephen knows his
stuff
his research shows that the occupants
report of the incident shows that both
men died
roy explains it that yes both he and the
partner were knocked down when the
occupant left the flat but minutes later
roy got up and saw his dead partner
at this point young roy chooses to steal
his dead partner's british identity to
escape the country that had given him a
lifetime of misery
roy asks if stephen could find anything
else in the military files or anything
else and stephen can't come up with
anything
betty gets upset and says she doesn't
want to see him for a while
steven leaves
they travel back home and betty wishes
to go forward with the joint banking
account roy and vincent meet at their
office and discuss how they're going to
swindle betty's money
roy is determined not to retire with
nothing
he wants to live comfortably for the
rest of his life
vincent voices his hesitations because
betty is ill roy has second thoughts
about hurting betty because he's too
close to her but both choose to go
forward with the scheme
betty and roy have a meeting with
vincent the next morning they both are
ready to proceed
when it comes time for betty to transfer
all her funds into the caribbean account
betty questions if it's best to transfer
all of it vincent points out that the
less betty puts in the less she can get
in return
roy has no hesitations and transfers all
his funds into the account
vincent is surprised to see that roy has
indeed transferred all his money
betty is shocked to see that the amount
is over 3.8 million pounds betty then
transfers her funds
they now both have access to the account
then betty suggests lilly's as the
password because there's a painting of
lilies in the kitchen
vincent leaves and they drink champagne
as they discuss how to spend their
profits when they get some
roy gets a call from his son
he's in town for a kitchen show
betty offers to drive him but roy
insists on taking the train
roy packs his things but tells betty is
just an overnight bag
betty sees him off roy gets drunk in an
almost empty flat he searches his bag
for his keypad but he can't find it he
calls vincent but receives a voicemail
the online customer service can't help
him and he's very upset
in the middle of the night roy has no
choice but to go back to betty's house
he enters to find empty rooms and betty
sitting in a dark room
she flicks on a light
betty asks what he's doing and roy says
his son's flight was delayed betty pulls
out the keypad and shows roy that she's
logged in
she says every time he lies she'll
transfer 50 000 pounds out of their
account and into an account roy doesn't
have access to
he keeps on lying and she transfers 200
000 out in less than one minute
she knows he came back for the keypad
she knows he doesn't have a son
he asks what's going on and she replies
you know what's going on you must have
known the whole time
then she nods toward the painting of
lily's
in a flashback we see betty as a young
girl in berlin
her name is lily she's waiting for a boy
named hans to come to give her another
english lesson
while she gets ready hans waits for her
hans mosey's into the living room to
watch betty's three sisters dancing he
begins dancing with one
he tries to kiss her but she pushes him
away
when she tries to walk away he steps on
her dress ripping it badly then lily is
ready for her english lesson
going back to roy and betty betty
reveals to us that roy is hans
young lily then asks how hans feels
about her he says he's fond of her and
she asks if fond means love
hans makes her stand up and close her
eyes
he kisses her then forces himself on her
after her mother comes in and sees lily
walk out from behind a room divider the
mother orders hans to follow her
downstairs lily's father wants to know
what just happened
hans doesn't know if they know he just
raped their daughter
the sisters say hans tried to kiss one
of them but he denies it lily comes
downstairs and hears the conversation
then runs out of the room distraught her
father cancels the english lessons
betty lily then says that two days later
her father was arrested
someone hans announced him as a traitor
the family's money and business were
confiscated it was all too much for her
mother so it was just lily and her
sisters
during the war her sisters died
then her father committed suicide when
lily told him the news
roy tries to explain his actions but
betty keeps on transferring funds
finally he says he wanted to teach her
father a lesson but that she could have
just talked to him
she knew that wouldn't have mattered
she needed to study him
track him know his weaknesses
she hires a researcher to track roy's
criminal career
the researcher is steven
they get to know the kind of person roy
liked to swindle
so betty knew how to answer the dating
website questions their first meeting is
shown again and this time we see betty
with a look in her eye
she then explains the day she cut her
palm and berlin happened back at her
family's old house
it is now a children's charity
she enters the library room and begins
to cut into the carpet
she hurts herself on the nails but still
manages to retrieve her silver locket
with his hair in it she reveals that
when she was cutting his hair earlier in
the film she kept it to use it for
testing
she tells roy that once he left to see
his son she transferred all her money
out of the joint account
vincent helped her
turns out steven threatened vincent
before they left for berlin
also the man watching the house is one
of betty's grandsons
steven and the grandson helped betty set
up the whole thing
as well as the doctor
roy questions why go through all of this
betty knew the only way to go on was to
face roy
roy gets on his knees to ask for
forgiveness
betty says she's moved on from that
betty gives back the keypad that shows
roy now only has 100 000 pounds
as she tries to leave vincent enters and
he grabs her while she tries to escape
they struggle but betty gets the upper
hand
she rises to leave again only deceive
lot in his backup in the doorway
he just wants his money which is one
hundred thousand pounds
betty tells them roy has it and if he
says otherwise he's lying
betty leaves the house as we hear royce
screams
later at a hospital vincent visits roy
who now is not able to speak and is
miserable
elsewhere betty and steven have tea with
her family the doctor and friends
she hears little girls screaming in a
distant field
it's her granddaughters
she warns them to be careful
what did you think of the movie
i want to hear your comments below
thanks everyone for watching
don't forget to subscribe
until the next spoiler